README.md, before:

# NextBase Starter

![NextBase Lite Open Source Free Boilerplate](https://github.com/imbhargav5/nextbase-nextjs-supabase-starter/blob/main/.github/litebanner.png?raw=true)

Nextbase Lite is a simple Next.js 16 + Supabase boilerplate. It includes a Next.js 16 app with Typescript, Supabase and Tailwind CSS. It includes the all new `app` folder, `layout` components, React `server components` and more!

## Features

- 🚀 Next.js 16
- 💻 Data fetching examples in React server and client components. Suspenseful data fetching with minimal loading screens.
- ⚛️ React query setup configured
- 🔥 React Hot Toast component
- 💻 Fully typed with Typescript. Includes automatic type generation for Supabase tables
- 🎨 Tailwindcss
- 🧪 Unit testing and integration testing setups built-in
- 💚 Eslint, typescript, prettier, postcss configured for dev and test environments
- 📈 Automatic sitemap generation
- 🔍 SEO metadata, JSON-LD and Open Graph tags with NEXT SEO
- ✍️ Semantic release with Automatic changelog generation
- 🎨 Prettier Code formatter
- 💎 Minimal styling
- 📖 Codebase which is easy to read and modify

### Development

1. Clone the repo
2. Install dependencies with `pnpm install`
3. Create a Supabase account if you don't have one already
4. Create a new project in Supabase
5. Link Supabase to your project using `pnpm supabase link --project-ref <project-ref>`. You can get your project ref from the Supabase Project dashboard (Project Settings -> API)
6. Duplicate `.env.local.example` and rename it to `.env.local` and add the Project ref, Supabase URL and anon key.
7. Push the database schema to your Supabase project using `pnpm supabase db push`.
8. Generate types for your Supabase tables using `pnpm generate:types:local`.
9. Run `pnpm dev` to start the development server.

### Testing

1. Unit test using `pnpm test`
2. End-to-end test using `pnpm test:e2e`

### Deployment

This is a simple Next.js project. Deployment is the same as any other Next.js project. You can deploy it to Vercel, Netlify, or any other hosting provider.

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Please open an issue or a PR.

### License

MIT

### Troubleshooting

Checkout the [TROUBLESHOOTING.md](./TROUBLESHOOTING.md) file for common issues.

## Premium NextBase Boilerplate

Also checkout our premium boilerplate with more features. It includes a fully functional authentication system, user profiles, organisations, row level security, and more.

[![NextBase Boilerplate](https://github.com/imbhargav5/nextbase-nextjs-supabase-starter/blob/main/.github/banner.png?raw=true)](https://usenextbase.com)

Commit message:

chore: update package.json and README.md for engine requirements and development setup
Added engine requirements for Node.js and pnpm in package.json to ensure compatibility. Updated README.md to include prerequisites for development, specifying the need for Node.js 22 or higher. Adjusted CI workflows to use Node.js 22.x for consistency across environments. Refactored various components for improved code clarity and responsiveness, including updates to the Navbar and Banner components.

README.md, after:

# NextBase Starter

![NextBase Lite Open Source Free Boilerplate](https://github.com/imbhargav5/nextbase-nextjs-supabase-starter/blob/main/.github/litebanner.png?raw=true)

Nextbase Lite is a simple Next.js 16 + Supabase boilerplate. It includes a Next.js 16 app with Typescript, Supabase and Tailwind CSS. It includes the all new `app` folder, `layout` components, React `server components` and more!

## Features

- 🚀 Next.js 16
- 💻 Data fetching examples in React server and client components. Suspenseful data fetching with minimal loading screens.
- ⚛️ React query setup configured
- 🔥 React Hot Toast component
- 💻 Fully typed with Typescript. Includes automatic type generation for Supabase tables
- 🎨 Tailwindcss
- 🧪 Unit testing and integration testing setups built-in
- 💚 Eslint, typescript, prettier, postcss configured for dev and test environments
- 📈 Automatic sitemap generation
- 🔍 SEO metadata, JSON-LD and Open Graph tags with NEXT SEO
- ✍️ Semantic release with Automatic changelog generation
- 🎨 Prettier Code formatter
- 💎 Minimal styling
- 📖 Codebase which is easy to read and modify

### Development

**Prerequisites:**
- Node.js 22 or higher (recommended to use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) for Node version management)

**Steps:**

1. Clone the repo
2. Install dependencies with `pnpm install`
3. Create a Supabase account if you don't have one already
4. Create a new project in Supabase
5. Link Supabase to your project using `pnpm supabase link --project-ref <project-ref>`. You can get your project ref from the Supabase Project dashboard (Project Settings -> API)
6. Duplicate `.env.local.example` and rename it to `.env.local` and add the Project ref, Supabase URL and anon key.
7. Push the database schema to your Supabase project using `pnpm supabase db push`.
8. Generate types for your Supabase tables using `pnpm generate:types:local`.
9. Run `pnpm dev` to start the development server.

### Testing

1. Unit test using `pnpm test`
2. End-to-end test using `pnpm test:e2e`

### Deployment

This is a simple Next.js project. Deployment is the same as any other Next.js project. You can deploy it to Vercel, Netlify, or any other hosting provider.

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Please open an issue or a PR.

### License

MIT

### Troubleshooting

Checkout the [TROUBLESHOOTING.md](./TROUBLESHOOTING.md) file for common issues.

## Premium NextBase Boilerplate

Also checkout our premium boilerplate with more features. It includes a fully functional authentication system, user profiles, organisations, row level security, and more.

[![NextBase Boilerplate](https://github.com/imbhargav5/nextbase-nextjs-supabase-starter/blob/main/.github/banner.png?raw=true)](https://usenextbase.com)
